Wrote with the following versions in mind.
>Virtual Box: 5.2.26-128414 on Windows 64bit
>Ubuntu 18.04 and 18.10


Required Files
* an ubuntu ISO file. I suggest 18.04 because it will get updates for the next
    2 years.

Terminology and Common Acronyms:
* VM [Virtual Machine]
    -
* MB [Mega Bytes]
    - 1 MB = 1024 Kilo Bytes
* GB [Giga Bytes]
    - 1 GB = 1024 Mega Bytes
* RAM [Random Access Memory]
* ISO []
* Host Machine []
    -



Setting up the VM
1) Open Virtual Box
2) Navigate to Machine -> New... [You can speed up this process by hitting
    CTRL + N, or Clicking the Blue New button]
3) In the window,
    3.1) Enter the name you would like to use for this VM
    3.2) Under the 'Type' drop down, select Linux
    3.3) Under the 'Version' drop down, select Ubuntu (64bit)
    3.4) Click Next button
4) The next screen should be labeled "Memory size"
    4.1) Drag the slider, or Enter the number of MB you will be allocating
            towards the VMs RAM. This comes from your computer, so don't give
            all that you have to the VM. It is recommended to also not go below
            1024 MB. I personally would not go above 40-50% of what your
            computer has, Virtual Box sets the slider max to your computers
            maximum amount of RAM MB.
    4.2) Click Next
5) The next screen should be labeled "Hard disk"
    5.1) Here you will select whether to make a virtual hard drive or not. For
            simplicity sake, you will select "Create a virtual hard drive now".
    5.2) Click Create
6) The next screen should be "Hard disk file type"
    6.1) Here I suggest you select "VDI (VirtualBox Disk Image)"
    6.2) Click Next
7) The Next screen is labeled "Storage on physical hard disk"
    *Quick note: When VirtualBox makes a VM the hard drive is represented on the
        host machine as a file. This can either be pre allocated with its max
        size (Fixed Size option), or you can have it expand and shrink
        dynamically with the amount of space the VM file system uses.
    7.1) Select Dynamically allocated.
    7.2) Click Next
8) The Next screen is labeled "File location and size"
    8.1) Drag or type in the amount of GB (or MB if your crazy) the VM will have
        for a hard drive. If you selected dynamically allocated the size the VM
        will take is small to start and will expand over time, as you use more
        space in the VM.
    8.2) Click Create
9) The window will close
10) Select (click once) the VM you just made from the list on the left. This
    will highlight the VM blue.
11) Click the Orange Settings button at the bar.
12) In the Settings window
    *Quick Note: Here you will be able to change settings when your VM is off.
    Suggestion: Under System -> Processor, increase the number of CPU cores
        from 1 to 2-3 (set this back to 1 if you experience problems when
        running the VM)
    12.1) Navigate to Storage, in the Storage Devices section, left click the
        Controller: IDE "Empty" with a Disk icon.
    12.2) On the right click the disk icon next to "Optical Drive"
    12.3) In the drop down, select "Choose Virtual Optical Disk File"
    12.4) Navigate to the ISO file you downloaded, then select and "Open" it.
    12.5) Back in the Settings window click "Ok"
13) With your VM still selected, click green "Start" button.
14) A window will open with your VM. Let it sit until it reaches the Install
        menu.
    14.1) Here you will select "Install Ubuntu"
    14.2) Here English (US) is the default option, If you need a different
        layout, select it.
    14.3) Click Continue
    14.4) If you would like this install to be a minumal Installation, without
        Office Libre, random Games, etc. Select the "Minimal Installation"
        button.
    14.5) If you would like to download updates while installing Ubuntu keep
        this option checked
    14.6) If you would like third party software for things like graphics, wifi
        and other media formats check the box. If you want more information
        about what this installs, https://askubuntu.com/questions/22285/clarification-of-the-third-party-software-options-during-system-installation
    14.7) Click Continue
    14.8) Keep Erase disk and install Ubuntu checked
        *Note: This is NOT erasing anything outside of the VM. Your Host Machine
            files are safe and will not be touched.
    14.9) Select Install Now
    14.10) Select Continue (Again your file are not going to be touched)
    14.11) Select your time zone region
    14.12) Click Continue
15) Here you will set the following:
    15.1) Name your VM (this can be different from the name you chose earlier)
        and can also include any characters.
    15.2) Name your computer's name. This is what other computers on your
        network will see if you connect your VM to the internet. This can only
        be composed of Letters, Digits, Hyphens (-), and dots (.)
    15.3) Pick your username for this VM. This must start with a lower case
        letter.
    15.4) Pick a password, Don't forget it!!!
    15.5) If you would like the VM to log in automatically (without the need to
        enter a password) select "Log in automatically"
    15.6) Click Continue
16) Wait for the installation to finish. It will prompt you to restart to finish
    the installation process. Click this Restart Now button when it comes up.
17) When the VM restarts the screen will ask you to remove the installation
    media, then click Enter. You will only need to click Enter.
18) You now have VM.


Setting up Guest Editions on the Guest Machine
1) Boot up and log into Guest Machine
2) Open Terminal
3) Enter the following 3 lines, let the command finish before typing each line

sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get upgrade
sudo apt-get install build-essential


-You will need to type your password when doing this
-This will update the list of repositories and dependencies
-Then install all changes
-After that it will grab the package 'build-essential' and install it

4) In the Virtual Box Menu, navigate to 'Devices' and at the bottom select
    'Insert Guest Additions CD image...'
5) A pop up should appear asking if you would like to run the software on the
    cd select yes
-If you did not get a pop up, check that that Ubuntu currently detects a cd in
    the disk drive. If not try step 4 again, also try giving the Guest OS a
    restart.
6) When it is finished installing the Guest Additions, give the Guest OS a
    restart.


Shared Clipboard
1) Make sure you have Guest Editions installed on the Guest OS (follow
    instructions above)
2) Select the Guest OS and Boot
3) Under the menu 'Devices' and 'Shared Clipboard' you can change which
    directions you would like the Clipboard to go between.



Set up a Shared Folder
1) Make sure you have Guest Editions installed on the Guest OS (follow
    instructions above)
2) On the Guest OS, open Terminal and run the following line:

sudo adduser <USERNAME HERE> vboxsf

-Replace <USERNAME HERE> with the username of the Guest OS that you are using

3) When that is finished shutdown the Guest OS
4) Navigate to Virtual Box, select the Guest OS and enter the settings
5) Under 'Shared Folders' select Machine Folders and hit the "Folder with a
    green plus sign" button
6) Select the drop down on the right of 'Folder Path' and select 'Other',
    select the folder to use on the Host Machine
7) Select 'Auto-mount', this will tell the guest to try to mount the folder on
    start up
8) Boot the Guest OS
9) In the file explorer you should see a directory in 'media' named
    sf_<Host_Folder> where <Host_Folder> is the name of the host folder you
    selected to share
